You're still pretending to be noble
Can't you do anything with money?
I would do anything for money
But the only thing I don't want is your money.
I don't want your money to trample on my feelings
Now I have the heart to do it when I start bumping into affection again
You are really a trick, the gambling group is disgusting
royal sister
I'll do it for you.
When will the money arrive in my account?
Yu Qianyi, why are you arresting me?
Responsibility net worth over 100 million
A clerk like you
It won't appear in front of his eyes at all
What do you want?
Hmph, just make him hate you completely
Don't come here
What are you hiding from?
As long as you serve me
I'll buy as many villas as you want.
Who is going to sell it to you?
Shameless, I won't give you some color to see
You don't know how good I am